                                   
README by Marc Manera 15 Dec 2012

The code outputs particle positions and velocities of a matter field 
as given by 2LPT (2nd order Lagrangian perturbation theory). 
The code has been modified such that Initial Conditions 
for primordial (non-local) non-gaussianities can be generated. 
The method implemented is explained in Scoccimarro, Hui, Manera 
and Chan 2012 (SHMC11) PRD 85, 083002: arXiv:1108.5512

Note that that sigma8 will be computed integrating over the 
range of k provided in the input file, up to k = 500./8 (h/Mpc).   
In some cases the code will issue a warning stating that the
range of integration may be enlarged. 

The input transfer function is automatically normalized to one 
at the lowest value of k. This allows to input an un-normalized
transfer function. The lowest value of k should be small enough that
normalizing T(k_lowest)=1 does not significantly change sigma8. 

CHANGES from version 1 Jan 2012

The first version of the code gave incorrect displacements
when running with a Primordial Spectral Index, ns, different than one. 
For Local Non-Gaussian runs, using the Transfer Function as an input, 
the results had an effective spectral index neff as (1-neff) = 2(1-ns). 

For Non-Local Non-Gaussian runs the code was missing a line, 
giving zero displacements in most cases. This has been corrected. 
Notice that Non-Local Non-Gaussian runs with ns!=1 are not yet implemented. 
If trying, the code will now exit with a warning. 

The weird combined option WhichSpectrum = 2 with WhichTransfer = 3, 
gave un-normalized results and have been deprecated.

The power spectrum normalization now follows a more standard convention. 
The input options have been simplified by requiring only the transfer function
when running in Non-Gaussian mode.
 
-------

To run the program:

a) Adapt the Makefile to your needs
   - I added flags for 4 cases:
      Gaussian,local,equilateral and orthogonal model (see SHMC11) 
      Just turn on the one the flags you need. And set the Fnl value in the parameters file
   - You can run with ZA Initial Conditions (IC) if you like. This is another flag

b) The param file asks for:
    - Two redshifts: one is when the nonlocal potential is calculated,
       the other is the redshift of the 2LPT IC output. This is mainly set for 
       future development. If you want to generate IC at redshifts bigger or close to 50 
       run the code setting both redshifts to the same value. 
    - An input power spectrum and an input transfer function file
      you need to put two filenames, but only one is used. 
      For Gaussian runs you can use either the power spectrum or the transfer function.
      For the non-Gaussian runs you can only use the transfer function as input. 
      If running with Gaussian and ns!=1, the input power spectrum should not have the tilt.
      Thus it is recommended to use always the transfer function as input when ns!=1. 
    - Fnl value
    - Other parameters and paths
    - Notice that Sphere mode is deprecated for Non-gaussian runs. It will be implemented
      in a new version.  

c) If you want to change de coefficients of the equilateral or the orthogonal model go to lines
      798 or 809 respectively.

d) In the near future we plan to release a new version for a generic non-local non-gaussian 
   separable bispectrum. 

e) The code comes with no warranty, and a non-commercial license (see the website)
   For enquiries email marc.manera@port.ac.uk
